Well, there you have it, you are now a fully-trained CloudFront admin.
Alright, maybe not fully trained, but by now,
you should have a well-rounded understanding of the basics of
implementing and administering a new CloudFront distribution.
From here,
you should be able to create your own distributions
in front of your own web content.
If you remember from module two, we discussed the benefits of a CDN.
I mean, look at the progress we've made.
We have taken a media rich website and moved the average load time from
around 5 seconds and reduced that to around 1 second.
We have begun compressing our files upon request saving us and
our visitors some unnecessary bandwidth.
We have prevented our site from going down if we have any
unexpected issues at the origin due to proper caching
preserving the user experience.
And finally, with the help of our distribution's behaviors,
we have migrated from HTTP only to forced HTTPS
helping secure our visitors traffic.
I think we are taking full advantage of the benefits
of using CloudFront as our CDN.
You have learned how to do this because we focused on measuring our
existing delivery performance to determine our baselines,
we created a CloudFront distribution,
and then tested CloudFront to discover how load times have changed,
and we've touched on how we keep our distribution serving the latest versions
of our web content through versioning and invalidations.
While we created our CloudFront distribution,
we learned a lot of new vocabulary as well.
A few important definitions to remember are distribution,
the collection of all of our origins and all of the
associated caching and traffic handling rules.
Next is Origin.
Now origin is where you direct CloudFront to send requests for your content.
It's where your content lives.
On the other side,
we have behavior and those are your rules associated with how
CloudFront interacts with your origins.
And finally, we have invalidations, and if you remember,
that's how we tell CloudFront no longer use its cached copy,
retrieve a new version from the origin.
Well, in this module,
we focused on getting CloudFront set up in front of our content.
In the next module,
we will dig deeper into the advanced features of CloudFront
to learn what else it can do for us other than just caching and distributing our content.